Let me ask you a question.
What happens if this Hello Function actually took a parameter let's say a string or a greeting and a
greeting was going to be printed here.
Let's remove the bye for now.
Would this still work if I run.
Hello pause the video and think about it
no.
That's an error if you can try to pause the video here and see if he can solve this.
How can we make this allow arguments.
I see that on line five right here.
It says Line 5 Hello is missing one required positional argument greeting.
Because when we actually call hello.
Worse expecting to have a parameter brought here.
We're not giving it any arguments.
How can we solve this while the one way is to just simply say
greedy right.
Or we can say whatever we want.
We can say X and then this wrapper function receives the parameter so that if I click Run
line 13 is now giving me an error because well now we need to actually give it a greeting so let's say
hi if I click Run.
All right.
This works and I hope this makes sense right.
We're calling hello with Hi.
So this function Hello gets past we then receive as argument the X..
Right.
Remember underneath the hood my decorator is saying a equals my decorator.
And hello.
Right so all we're doing is running my decorator.
Hello which now turns into their wrapped function.
And when we do the wrapped function a we give it an argument of Hi.
So the wrapped function accepts this parameter and then runs the function.
Hello
but here's the question what if greeting also had an IMO G that it accepts
so we're printing greeting and then the emoji.
Hmm.
What do we do.
Well again we'd have to create another parameter and then another parameter.
And then here call it with let's say a smiley face by click Run
well.
This should be a string.
If I click Run this works.
But this is hectic.
Every time I need to change parameters Well it's I have to modify this.
And what if we had keyword arguments like default high.
There's actually a pattern here that we can use that makes things really really simple for us.
And all we do is this we do the Star args which we have seen which takes all positional arguments and
then star star keyword args which takes all the keyword arguments.
And we call the function by saying star args to unpack all the positional arguments and star star key
word args to unpack all the keyword arguments.
Now if this looks confusing don't worry.
This is just a pattern that you can just copy and paste and remember but now check this out.
I can do emoji equals to let's say Scarface as a keyword argument.
And now if I just pass high like this and hit run and let's just remove this as well since we don't
need it we'll call hello properly because we have the decorator and then click Run look at that.
I get high with the sad face.
No.
The reason this is called a decorator it's because it's a famous pattern in programming.
It's called the decorator pattern.
And this is the decorator pattern.
It gives our decorator flexibility so that we're able to pass as many arguments as we want into our
wrapped function by using star arcs and keyword arcs and then unpacking them like this inside of a function
and this syntax lets say if we DB didn't even have the print statements this syntax is why decorators
are so powerful by just using these lines of code we're able to add functionality using the decorator
pattern to decorate our functions and the decorator patterns are used all over programming.
So it's a very very powerful concept to finish off the lesson on decorator.
I want to talk to you about some of the ways that decorators can be useful in some of the common locations
that we're gonna see decorator patterns in our code and we're going to build our own performance decorator
that's gonna be able to tell us how our functions perform how fast they are.
And I promise you by the end of that video decorators are going to make sense to you and you're gonna
be able to explain to other people and other friends why we should use decorators in our programs.
I'll see you now.
Bobby.